Torins Mirror - If you are Player 2, you get to rechoose which stat is played.
The Daedric Lantern - The opposing player may not use his highest rated stat this round.
Gnomes Luck - Your opponent must play his lowest stat but it’s boosted by 25.
Confusion Elixir - All your Stat scores are reversed. i.e. 85 becomes 58.
The Bell Gem - Boost any Stat by 5.
Thorny Bane - Your highest Stat is reduced by 10.
Almighty Potion of Light - All your stats are boosted by 15.
Nessian Horn Beatle - Your strength is boosted by 10.
Harbingers Hex - All your stats are reduced by 10.
Shield of Faith - Your opponent may not call your lowest rated stat on this turn.
Deathtouch - You must use the .save command. A score of 1-3 results in immediate defeat. A score of 4-6 saves you and boosts all your stats by 15.
Pink Cotton Candy - Reduces your Temper by 5 but increases your strength by 10.
The Lucky Kitten - You gain plus 10 to which ever stat your opponent chooses.
Wrong Side of the bed - You must play your Temper Stat but it's boosted by 15.
Predatory Wurm - All your opponent’s stats are reduced by 5.
Centaurs Trample - Your opponent’s wisdom is reduced by 10.
Herculean Bracers - Your wisdom is reduced by 20 but your strength is boosted by 20.
Miktars Might - If your Strength is higher than 65 and you are Player 2, you get to rechoose the Stat. If you are Player 1, your Strength is boosted by 10.
Dumb Luck - If your wisdom is less than 40 and you are Player 2, you get to rechoose the Stat. If you are Player 1, your Magic is boosted by 10.
Strength in Numbers - If you own more than one Neon Dungeon Card all Stats are boosted by 10. You must provide proof.
Undead Army - If you are a Skeleton your Strength is boosted by 10.
Like Water - If you are a Kobold your Agility is boosted by 10.
Dumb as a Pile of Rocks - If you are a Golem your wisdom is decreased by 10.
Goblin’s Trap - Your opponent’s Agility is decreased by 15.
Human Ingenuity - If you are a human your wisdom is boosted by 10.
Bladed Warrior - If you hold a sword, axe, dagger or scythe your strength is increased by 10.
The Emperor - If you are wearing a crown, all Stats are boosted by 20.
Firgold’s Forest - If you are a Goblin all your stats are boosted by 5.
Honouree Gentleman - If you are wearing a hat, your wisdom and magic are boosted by 10.
Boombastic - If you are holding Dynamite your Strength is boosted by 20.
Mages Guild - If you are wearing a wizard’s hat or holding a wand your Magic is boosted by 10.
Return to Nature - Kobolds and Golems gain +10 to Strength.
Poison Toad - All you Stats are decreased by 10
The Phoenix - If you are a fire elemental, your wisdom is boosted by 10.
Swamp Thing - If you are a leaf elemental, your strength is boosted by 10.
Fluid Motion - If you are a water elemental, your Agility is boosted by 10.
Shield of Light - If you are holding a shield, all your Stats are boosted by 10.
Garak's Goblet - You may reroll your bonus Stats if you wish.
Gnarled Sage - If you are a Goblin or a leaf elemental your temper increases by 15.
Lobotomy - If your brain is exposed your wisdom is decreased by 10 but your Temper and Strength are increased by 15.
Iron Bones - If you are a Skeleton your Strength is boosted by 10.
First Frosts - If you are a Kobold or Water Elemental your Agility is lowered by 10.
Pickles Potion - Your opponent must reroll their bonus Stats.
Potion of the Undying - If you are a Skeleton or have a wound you gain +10 Strength.
Unfair Battle - If your opponent is a Golem you gain +10 Wisdom
Pouch of Unlimited Giving - If you are wearing a backpack or satchel you get +5 to all stats.
Black Cat’s Paw - You must reroll your Bonus Stats.
Set to Stun - If you have lazer eyes you win the round by default.
Uriul’s Unicorn - If you have a Rare Skin you get +10 to all Stats.
Potion of Strength - You gain +5 to your Strength Stat.
Potion of Agility - You gain +5 to your Agility Stat.
Potion of Wisdom - You gain +5 to your Wisdom Stat.
Potion of Magic - You gain +5 to your Magic Stat.
Potion of Stubbed Toes - You gain +5 to your Temper Stat.
Large Potion of Strength - You gain +10 to your Strength Stat.
Large Potion of Agility - You gain +10 to your Agility Stat.
Large Potion of Wisdom - You gain +10 to your Wisdom Stat.
Large Potion of Magic - You gain +10 to your Magic Stat.
Large Potion of Stubbed Toes - You gain +10 to your Temper Stat.
The Crafty Warrior - If your Agility is higher than 65 and you are Player 2, you get to rechoose the Stat. If you are Player 1, your Agility is boosted by 10.
Old Iron Buckler - Your Armour is boosted by 5.
Surprise Attack - Your Armour is now 0.
Polished Iron - Your Armour is 10.
A Hearty Meal - Your Health is boosted by 10.
Potion of Healing - Your Health is boosted by 20.
Tainted Potion - Your Health is decreased by 10.
The Common Man - If you are holding a Pipe, Broom or Baseball Bat your Strength is boosted by 10.
Use the Force - If you are holding a Light Saber your Wisdom is increased by 20.
Butcher of Bay Bridge - If you are holding a Ham, Bone or Cleaver you Wisdom is decreased by 10 but your Strength is boosted by 15.
Eagle Eye - If you are holding a Bow, Shuriken or Sai your Agility is boosted by 5.
Giant’s Bane - If you are holding the War Hammer, Halberd or Long Axe, your Strength is boosted by 10.
Raging Bull - If your opponent has any red on them, your temper is boosted by 15.
Lucky Charm - If you are wearing a Necklace your Magic is boosted by 10.
Barren Wilderness - You may not play a Battle Card this Match.
Empty Pockets - You may not play a Battle Card this Match.
Tainted Leprechaun - You may not play a Battle Card this Match.
Skilled Gamer - All saving throw requirements are reduced by 1 for the duration of the Match.
Baldur’s Curse - You must use the .save command. A score of 1-2 results in immediate defeat. A score of 3-6 saves you and boosts all your stats by 10.
Kobold Pit Trap - You must use the .save command. A score of 1-3 results in a decrease of 10 to all Stats.
Golem Avalanche - You must use the .save command. A score of 1-3 results in a decrease of 15 to your Agility.
Pit of Bones - You take fall damage, your Health is decreased by 10.
Early Man - If you are a Human your Wisdom is decreased by 10, but your Strength is boosted by 15.
Obsidian Heart Stone - Your Health is decreased by 10.
Worn Out Boots - Your Agility is decreased by 10.
Heckle’s Brew - All your Stats decrease by 10.
Unknown Source of Power - Your opponent chooses one Stat to reduce by 10.
Dark Magic - If you are holding a wand, all your stats are boosted by 10.
Disgruntled Warlock - Your Magic Stat is decreased by 15.
Heart and Mind - Your Wisdom Stat is equal to that of your Health.
First Time Player - All saving throw requirements are increased by 1 for the duration of the Match.
Wild Things - If you are a Goblin or Kobold your Temper is boosted by 5.
Ensnared - Your Agility is decreased by 10.
Parson’s Pearls of Wisdom - Your Wisdom is boosted by 10.
Bard’s Tale - You must use the .save command. A score of 1-5 boosts the corresponding Stat by 5. A score of 6 boosts all Stats by 10.
Thorny Thicket - Your health and Agility are both decreased by 10.
Elemental Fire Pit - Your Health is decreased by 15. Unless you are a Fire Elemental, in which case your health is boosted by 10.
Mando’s Bounty - Your Opponent automatically goes first next round.
Blow to the Head - All your Stats are reversed. i.e., 85 becomes 58.
Iron Gauntlets - Your Agility is decreased by 5 while your Strength is boosted by 10.
Something in Common - If you are a Human or a Skeleton, you gain 5 Armour (For the Duration of the Match)
Glotar’s Glory - The Hordes war cry spurs you on to victory. Roll a .save command. A score of 5-6 wins you the round.
Gilded Talons - You may not play a Pay to Win Card this Match.
Stolen Coin Pouch - You may not play a Pay to Win Card this Match.
Pay Your Taxes - You may not play a Pay to Win Card this Match.
You’re on Your Own - You may not play a Battle Card this Match.
Impressive Dodge - Your Agility is boosted by 10 and your opponents Strength is decreased by 5.
Rusted Blade - Your Strength is decreased by 10.
Giddeons Rubix - You must play your Magic Stat this turn. (Only if not already played)
Colossuses Chains - You must play your Strength Stat this turn. (Only if not already played)
Poison Snare - You must play your Agility Stat this round. (Only if not already played)
The Book of Unknowing - You must play your Wisdom Stat this round. (Only if not already played)
Fool’s Errand - You must play your Temper Stat this round. (Only if not already played).
Cursed Glory - Your Magic is decreased by 10.
End of the Rainbow - Your Temper is decreased by 10.
Scribbled Scroll - Your Wisdom is decreased by 10.
Bear Trap - Your Agility is decreased by 10.
Samsons Lie - Your Strength is decreased by 10.
Kriel’s Broken Blade - Your Strength is decreased by 15 unless you are a Golem.
Webbed Feet - Your Agility is decreased by 15 unless you are a Kobold.
Hours in the Monastery - Your Wisdom is decreased by 15 unless you are a Human.
Barbarian Battle Cry - Your Temper is decreased by 15 unless you are a Goblin.
The Ancients Prayer - Your Magic is decreased by 15 unless you are a Skeleton.
Turok’s Order - You must use the .save command. A score of 1-5 boosts the corresponding Stat by 5. A score of 6 boosts all Stats by 10.
Eye of Newt - If Magic has not yet been played, make a saving throw. A score of 5-6 automatically wins the round. If Magic has already been played, all Stats are decreased by 5.
Unnerved Adrenaline - You must use the .save command. A score of 6 grants your +50 Health.
A Call to Arms- If you are holding a Sword, Axe or Hammer your Strength is increased by 10.
The Red Herring - If you are holding a fish, you win this round.
Seeping Venom - All your Stats are decreased by 5.
Godric’s Belt - Your Agility and Magic are increased by 5.
Flogon’s Rod - You must use the .save command. A score or 1-2 decreased all Stats by 5. A score of 3-4 boosts all stats by 5. A score of 5-6 has no effect.
Hunters Sneak - Your Agility is increased by 10, but your Strength is decreased by 15.
In the Shadows - If your opponent is a Human or Skeleton, your Magic is increased by 15.
Unyielding Power - All your Stats are equal to that of your Strength.
Spilt Cauldron - All your Stats are equal to that of your Magic.
Uncontrollable - All your Stats are equal to that of your Temper.
Yontor’s Charisma - Your lowest stat is equal to your Health.
Unworked Steel - Your Strength is equal to your lowest Stat.
A Gamblers Chance - You must use the .save command. A score of 1-3 and your opponent wins the round. A score of 4-6 and you win the round. If you had the lower score, you and your opponent must swap scores.
Wolf’s Bite - Your Temper is increased by 10 but your wisdom is decreased by 15.
Spiders Bite - Your Wisdom is decreased by 5.
Torial’s Spiny Whip - Your Wisdom and Strength are decreased by 5.
Bloodlust - If your health is higher than 100 all your stats are decreased by 10.
Raegars Bow - Your Agility is increased by your Armour Score.
Fine Minerals - Your Magic is increased by your Gem Score.
Unstoppable - Your Strength is boosted by 20 but all other Stats are decreased by 10.
Chaos Dagger - If you are Player 2 you can repick which stat is played.
Magikarp - This Buff does nothing unless you have a Magic Stat of more than 90. If so, you gain +10 to all Stats.
Hurried Attack - Your Agility is increased by 10 but all other stats are decreased by 5.
Twisted Blades - If you are holding any bladed weapon your Strength and Temper are increased by 10.
The Obscura - All your Stats are decreased by 10.
Folly’s Flame - All your Stats are decreased by 5.
Goblin Bomb - All your Stats are decreased by 15.
Kobold Ambush - All your Stats are decreased by 10.
Ruby Amulet - You go first on the next round.
The Turning Tide - You go first on the next round.
The Lucky Coin - You go first on the next round.
Sildar’s Potion of Napping - Your opponent nods off, you get to go first next round.
Pandemonium Potion - All your Stats are reduced by 15.
Unholy Words - All your Stats are reduced by 10.
The Crimson Letter - Your opponent chooses two stats to reduce by 10.
Forked Tongue - Your opponent chooses two stats to reduce by 10.
Stinging Nettles - All your stats are reduced by 5.